[docs] add guide for using Bun (#24710)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-bun.mdx

## Staring a new Expo project with Bun

To create a new app using Bun, first [install Bun on your local machine](https://bun.sh/) with:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://bun.sh/install | bash
```

Now use it to create your new Expo project

```bash
bun create expo my-app
```

You can also run any **package.json** script with `bun run`

```bash
bun run ios
```

And install packages with `bun expo install`

```bash
bun expo install expo-av
```

## Using Bun for EAS builds

EAS will decide which packager to use based the lockfile in your codebase. So if you want EAS to use Bun, run `bun install` in your codebase and ensure it creates a **bun.lockb** - the Bun lockfile. Make sure to delete any other lockfiles. As long as this lockfile is in your codebase, Bun will be used as the package manager for your builds.

### Customizing your Bun version on EAS

EAS will use `bun@1.0.2` by default. If you want or need to use a particular version of Bun, you can configure the exact version in each build in your **eas.json**.

```json eas.json
{
  "build": {
    "test": {
      "bun": "1.0.0"
      // other settings...
    }
    // other build profiles...
  }
}
```

> ## Migrate to using Bun from yarn, npm or pnpm

Author: Happy to change this - I don't have a preference, I think I just went with perceived popularity.

> ## Migrate to using Bun from yarn, npm or pnpm

Reviewer: If that's a popular way to refer these package managers, then lets stick to your original change 😄

It is currently not possible to import another package manager's lockfile into Bun (though this feature is bieng [worked on](https://github.com/oven-sh/bun/issues/1751)). Until this is done, there is an element of risk to switching over to Bun on an existing project: you will have to remove your existing lockfile and `bun install` based on your **package.json**.

> The purpose of a lockfile is to _lock_ down your dependency tree. If there are any packages in **package.json** whose version numbers start with a `^` or `~`, you are likely to end up with a different version of the package. `^` means you're opting into future minor and patch versions, `~` means you're opting into future patch versions only. A lot of the time, you will not encounter problems, as according to SemVer minor and patch version shoudn't include any breaking changes. Unfortuantely things can easily slip through and we should always expect breaking changes to be a possibility. Your lockfile locks fown the _specific_ version and you won't get any updates unless you explicitly opt in. By deleting your lockfile, you are losing that safety net and getting the latest versions available of all the packages as defined in your **package.json**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of a lockfile is to _lock_ down your dependency tree. If there is a library in **package.json** whose version number starts with a `^` or `~`, you are likely to end up with a different version of the package. 

- `^` means you're opting into future minor and patch versions
- `~` means you're opting into future patch versions only

According to Semantic Versioning (SemVer), minor and patch versions do not include breaking changes. Unfortunately, breaking changes can still slip through. Since a lockdown file contains **specific versions** of dependencies, you will not get updates unless you explicitly opt-in. By deleting the lockfile, you are losing that safety and getting the latest versions available of all the packages as defined in your **package.json**.
```

- The previous version of this reads a bit like a wall of text, as I think it contains important conceptual info, it was harder to skim through. Let's break it down.
- Fixed typos
- Removed nagation contraction (shouldn't)
- Also clarified what SemVer is by using its full form
- Fixed the switch between first and second-person voice as per our [writing styelguide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#write-in-the-second-person)
- I think the part where breaking changes and SemVer being mentioned was a bit verbose. Changed it to be a bit more concise.

To migrate to using Bun (use at your own risk):

> ```bash
> rm -rf node_modules
> rm yarn.lock pnpm-lock.yaml package-lock.json
> bun install
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Terminal
  cmd={[
    '$ rm -rf node_modules',
    '$ rm yarn.lock pnpm-lock.yaml package-lock.json',
    '$ bun install',
  ]}
/>
```

> ## Trusted Dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Trusted dependencies
```

> Unlike other package manager, Bun does not automatically execute lifecycle scripts from installed packages as these could be considered a security risk. In particular, if a package you are installing has a `postinstall` script that you'd like to allow running, you will have to explicitly state that by including that package in your [`trusted dependencies`](https://bun.sh/guides/install/trusted) array in your **package.json**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike other package managers, Bun does not automatically execute lifecycle scripts from installed libraries, as this is considered a security risk. However, if a package you are installing has a `postinstall` script that you want to run, you have to explicitly state that by including that library in your [`trusted dependencies`](https://bun.sh/guides/install/trusted) array in your **package.json**.
```

> The trust does not trickle down, meaning if you install `packageA` which has a dependency on `packageB` and `packageB` has a `postinstall` script, you will need to add `packageB` in your `trustedDependencies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you install `packageA`, which has a dependency on `packageB` and `packageB` has a `postinstall` script, you must add `packageB` in your `trustedDependencies`.
```

I'm not sure what you meant by the first sentence here. Also, I assume you are trying to create a scenario and showcase it as an example.

Author: I meant that if you add a library to `trustedDependencies`, it won't automatically make _that_ library's dependencies also trusted. You still have to be explicit even if the library you want to trust is a dependency of a dependency.
But if it wasn't clear for you, it probably won't be for others so happy to remove that phrase.

Reviewer: The context you just described is great! I didn't have that when I was reading so I was making the assumption on my part. If you think we should explain that to support that, feel free to do so.

> To add a trusted dependency, in your **package.json**, add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a trusted dependency in your **package.json**, add:
```

> ```json

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```json package.json
````

Let's add the file name here.

"trustedDependencies": ["your-dependency"]
```

> Then remove your lockfile and re-install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, remove your lockfile and re-install the dependencies:
```

> ```bash
> rm -rf node_modules
> rm bun.lockb
> bun install
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Terminal
  cmd={[
    '$ rm -rf node_modules',
    '$ rm bun.lockb',
    '$ bun install',
  ]}
/>
```

## Common Errors

### EAS build fails when using Sentry and Bun

> If you're using `sentry-expo` or `@sentry/react-native`, these have a dependency on `@sentry/cli` which is used to update source maps to Sentry during your build. The `@sentry/cli` package has a postinstall script which needs to run in roder for the "upload souce maps" script to become available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using `sentry-expo` or `@sentry/react-native`, these depend on `@sentry/cli`, which updates source maps to Sentry during your build. The `@sentry/cli` package has a `postinstall` script which needs to run for the "upload source maps" script to become available.
```

> To fix this, add `@sentry/cli` to your [trusted dependencies](/#trusted-dependencies)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this, add `@sentry/cli` to your [trusted dependencies](/#trusted-dependencies) array in **package.json**:
```

> ```json

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```json package.json
````
